this is Super Street Fighter 2 turbo
revival on the gameboy advance in this
case Gameboy and microwaves I'm not
really very good at these maps and
largely don't like them Street Fighter 2
I've always been a fan of since it was
in the arcades and then on the snares
loved it and it is a great version it's
a very very tiny version struggling to
press the buttons here so we'll go for
arcade
this isn't review walkthrough
playthrough or anything like that I will
be rubbish but the air will go for
normal I don't want to go fast
it's really just so you can see what the
game looks like he's a bit tall
but never if you work out what it is he
says when you don't matter
oh I'm not familiar with all of these
characters because this is a lighter
Street Fighter and more I got into the
original snares one and that's the only
one I'm really familiar with but
nevertheless it's print fiber is great
oh yeah
familiarity isn't helping here I do have
excuses I'm having to hold the console
in a weird position so you can see it so
that doesn't really excuse my pitiful
performance I can't remember how to do
the Dragons something that's certain
isn't it who's that I can do that
okay
that's more like it
there's why is my predictable move
OOP
that's just not nice
he thinks he's pissed off
mmm
don't have any rhythm no my problem is I
don't have any skill
where's Kent back Kent we'll try him
I'll be just a fuzzy
yeah very much sir
big baby
you
Oh
there's never lipstick never said that
who
don't mess with my comment
ah
we have tremendous news
yeah
well as you can see I'm completely out
of practice but it is a great version of
the game if you liked it on the stairs
it's even better on here and so small
you can stick it in your pocket which is
good anyway
set and other videos of other games in
my collection and a video of my console
and computer collection can be found on
my youtube channel there's a link there
to my website then ways world dr. dot
uk' take a look at that if you feel like
it thank you for watching